Update minimum rust version to match concordium-std (#89)
Concordium/concordium-contracts-common: README.md

## MSRV

> The minimum supported rust version is 1.65.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum supported rust version is specified in `Cargo.toml` manifest.
```

Reviewer: Can you please just add this version to `Cargo.toml` directly?
